aa,America's Army
add,Amnesia: The Dark Descent
arma2,ARMA 2
arma2oa,ARMA 2 Operation Arrowhead
bf2,Battlefield 2
bf2142,Battlefield 2142
bf3,Battlefield 3
bfbc,Battlefield: Bad Company
bfbc2,Battlefield: Bad Company 2
blops,Call of Duty: Black Ops
blops2,Call of Duty: Black Ops 2
cod4,Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare
cs16,Counter-Strike 1.6
cscz,Counter-Strike: Condition Zero
csgo,Counter-Strike: Global Offensive
css,Counter-Strike: Source
dayz,DayZ
hl,Half-Life
hlbs,Half-Life: Blue Shift
hldm,Half-Life Deathmatch
hldms,Half-Life Deathmatch: Source
hlof,Half-Life: Opposing Force
hls,Half-Life: Source
hl2,Half-Life 2
hl2dm,Half-Life 2: Deathmatch
hl2e1,Half-Life 2: Episode One
hl2e2,Half-Life 2: Episode Two
hl2lc,Half-Life 2: Lost Coast
l4d,Left 4 Dead
l4d2,Left 4 Dead 2
me,Mass Effect
me2,Mass Effect 2
me3,Mass Effect 3
mc,Minecraft
mw2,Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2
mw3,Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 3
por,Portal
por2,Portal 2
q3a,Quake III Arena
q3ta,Quake III: Team Arena
ql,Quake Live
tf2,Team Fortress 2
wsw,Warsow