IRCBot
======

Description
-----------

IRCBot is a custom IRC bot written in Java to support the RDDT IRC Network.

Prerequisites
-------------

In order to build and use IRCBot successfully, you will need the following:

* Java Development Kit (JDK) version 1.5 or better (1.4 or lower may work, but has not been tested)
* PircBotX IRC framework libraries (http://code.google.com/p/pircbotx/)
* MySQL Connector/J and a MySQL database (http://dev.mysql.com/downloads/connector/j/)
* Apache Commons Lang library (http://commons.apache.org/lang/)
* Twitter4j library (http://twitter4j.org/en/index.html)
* JSON.org Java libraries (http://json.org/java/)

Building
--------

To build IRCBot, import the Java source files and libraries into an IDE of your choice, or use the provided Ant build script to automatically build and package IRCBot.

Usage
-----

1. Edit 'IRCBot.properties' to match your configuration.
2. Use the provided SQL file to prepare the tables required by IRCBot.
3. Execute the JAR package from a command line.

Features
--------

### Automatic URL scraping

IRCBot is capable of detecting URLs in messages sent to IRC channels. Upon detection of URLs, it automatically downloads the first 8192 bytes of the URL and parses it for the HTML title element, which it helpfully sends to the channel. If the link is not an HTML document, it returns the content type and content length properties instead.

> 23:00 <~got_milk> http://www.reddit.com
>
> 23:00 <&BOT> [URL by 'got_milk'] reddit: the front page of the internet
>
> 22:42 <+burr> http://i.imgur.com/nMVYX.png
>
> 22:42 <&BOT> [URL by 'burr'] Type: image/png, length: 337.9 kB

IRCBot is also capable of deciphering Twitter statuses, reddit links and user pages, and YouTube videos.

> 20:33 <~got_milk> https://twitter.com/#!/teamhacksung/status/141885395611815936

> 20:33 <&BOT> [Tweet by 'got_milk'] @teamhacksung: [samsung-kernel-aries] http://t.co/nt1Q3KCz Pawit Pornkitprasan - Backport (read: copied) net/wireless and drivers/net/wireless from 3.0....

### Custom votekick system

IRCBot is capable of allowing users to call votekicks against other users without operator intervention. Vote sessions last up to 60 seconds (unless the vote is extended by a user voting) and require 25% of the channel to vote to pass.

> 23:09 <&BOT> got_milk has voted to kick PhreeWilly! Type !votekick PhreeWilly to cast a vote. (5 needed)

> 23:09 <&edgesmash> !votekick PhreeWilly

> 23:09 <&BOT> edgesmash has voted to kick PhreeWilly! (4 needed)

> 23:09 <&edgesmash> !votekick PhreeWilly

> 23:09 <&BOT> edgesmash: You cannot vote more than once!

### Fortune commands

Users are able to 'ask' IRCBot to make decisions for them (chosen purely randomly by the bot). The bot will respond in accordance to the decision given.

> 23:10 <~got_milk> !decide herp or derp

> 23:10 <&BOT> got_milk: herp

> 23:15 <~got_milk> !decide should I herp?

> 23:15 <&BOT> got_milk: No

### Shout mechanism

If a user shouts in a channel (uppercase text greater than 5 characters) IRCBot will take notice and store the "quote" in a database, while selecting a quote at random to shout back at the user. Users are able to query the bot which can provide the quote submitter and when the quote was added to the database.

> 23:15 <+PhreeWilly> THE ONE AND ONLY!

> 23:15 <&actnotok> OHISHOULDHAVEYELLEDMORESORRY

> 23:17 <~got_milk> !who last

> 23:17 <&actnotok> got_milk: Sunoiki shouted "OHISHOULDHAVEYEL..." about 4 hours ago.

### The lottery! (King Game)

Users can participate in a game where they choose a number between 1 and 10 inclusive, and try to match a randomly generated number by the bot. If the numbers match, the user is crowned king and is made the lone operator of the channel, until someone else plays, wins and dethrones them.

> 00:00 <+Smoky> !lottery 1

> 00:00 <&BOT> Smoky: YOU WON! ALL HAIL KING SMOKY!

> 00:00 -!- mode/#rddt [-o Blake] by BOT

> 00:00 -!- mode/#rddt [+o Smoky] by BOT

### Seen command

Users can use the !seen command to find out when the last time a user was in the channel.

> 20:44 <~got_milk> !seen BOT

> 20:44 <&BOT> got_milk: I don't think that command means what you think it means.

### Anope-style shorthand op fantasy commands

IRCBot accurately mimics the shorthand kick and ban functions that Anope's BotServ provides. Ops can choose to kick/ban users with or without reasoning.

> 20:44 <~got_milk> .k CrazyAl90 need this for documentation, thanks :)

> 20:44 -!- CrazyAl90 was kicked from #rddt by BOT [need this for documentation, thanks :) (got_milk)]